OSDOCS-2929: Added the maximum number of worker nodes to the Compute Nodes row (#44563)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sts-interactive-mode-reference.adoc

|Enable compute node autoscaling. The autoscaler adjusts the size of the cluster to meet your deployment demands. The default is `No`.

|`Compute nodes`

> |Specify the number of compute nodes to provision into each availability zone. Clusters deployed in a single availability zone require at least 2 nodes. Clusters deployed in multiple zones must have at least 3 nodes. The default is `2`. The maxmimum number of worker nodes is `180`.

Reviewer: Remove the extra space after `180	`.

> |Specify the number of compute nodes to provision into each availability zone. Clusters deployed in a single availability zone require at least 2 nodes. Clusters deployed in multiple zones must have at least 3 nodes. The default is `2` nodes. The maxmimum number of worker nodes is `180` nodes.

Reviewer 2: I don't think you need backticks since you are just writing how many of the thing there are. In the context of how it was originally ("The default is `2`.") that made since because it was really saying "The default value is `2`." I would suggest:

```suggestion
|Specify the number of compute nodes to provision into each availability zone. Clusters deployed in a single availability zone require at least 2 nodes. Clusters deployed in multiple zones must have at least 3 nodes. The maximum number of worker nodes is 180 nodes. The default value is `2`. 
```
